# Car Performance Prediction
Fuel consumption of automobile has become one of the major challenges of the automobile industry and fleet organization. Consider a long-distance vehicle that runs between a major city and a rural area in a fleet. During that, the vehicle may drive into heavy traffic and different terrain conditions such as going over a hill station, off-roads, muddy area etc.,. Besides, the traffic intensity, weather conditions, and the load of the automobile may vary depending on the day of the week. Every driver will have their way of driving the vehicle. Fuel efficiency of vehicles can be affected by careless maintenance and improper driving habits such as time duration of cruise mode, number of breaks applied, acceleration speed by the driver etc. There is no existing reliable machine learning technique for predicting fuel consumption in automobile vehicles effectively. For controlling and maintaining the fuel consumption rate on average, a machine learning technique is introduced in this paper. In this paper, ensembles tacking, a machine learning theory has been developed which merges the machine learning models into one predictive model and gives more accurate results higher than the expectation of the machine learning models alone.
It is an important to analyse the factors using number of well-known approaches of machine learning algorithms to improve the vehicle performance efficiency. The  range, durabilitya and here we consider a performance in mileage.
